it's a [Music]
sacrifice rattlesnake venom hits from media's
lips Dragon Queen cup of fire black arrows dark in the sky the order of the
rose with the bows and arrows horses riding full stride the
blls hit the mark every time psychotropic
logos you know who's in the right urses with a giggling smile
produce the flowers with the pal I give you my blood do you have the blood of
the ding God sell fire with the Stars in Your Eyes rub it in the man who's
laughing I am being drink Hallelujah from Aphrodite's lips EOS purple juice
coat gorgeous make your face melt Terror cards dealt ancient songs The Cosmic
spells wave the magic war from overhead Simon
says welcome back to Lady Babylon this is more Bak
orgy I love love this oh God you know you know we've been busy this week
satanic congregation you know that we have I have the stuff for you tonight I
have the stuff for you tonight and what I'm GNA do I'm gonna say a couple of things first first of all I want to give
a welcome to all of the
new persons who have come to Lady Babylon I
appreciate it and I respect respect the fact that you are giving me some of your
time some of your time so I will be direct and not waste it thank you for
coming tonight I want to say a just give a shout out um uh to the those who bring
us the sacrifice tonight because that's what the that's what the theme is here that's what the theme is here I so love
this I just want to tell you okay let's stop let's stop let's let's stop pretending okay as the time machine
rolls let's stop pretending and let's just say hey it is what it is you know
it is what it is um and for those of you who are new and who want to know what is
this thing tonight we're bringing it to you in the form of the Christ I am going to show you for the first
time it's sacrifice oh God it is is it's what you you satanic congregation you
love it okay I'll stop look I'm going to be direct and just tell you it's the sacrifice you love it I know it's the
soul sucking it's why you come is to suck the soul I know it is I know it is
and I know that taste I know that taste there's nothing more
invigorating than that and tonight we have company tonight we have company
tonight we're going to welcome um um a boy named Dan and Dan is going to give
us some of his uh some of his take on
life and whatnot and we're going to see what he if what he's saying is um you
know accurate or you know I just wanna I want to bring come on Dan come on in
tonight this is let's not get hostile if you're going to understand Christ Dan
right and I'm going to bring it in for all the evangelicals for all the evangelicals
out there I'm going to show you the Christ
tonight tonight I'm going to show you the Christ and it's not going to be what you
thought it was and your world is going to be different and it's going to be
painful if you're sitting there and you can feel it you can start to feel that pressure wave you know um buckle up
because it's coming it's coming fantastic oh let's bring it let's bring it hey Jesus what's he doing in that
with that oh god um I've got a couple of Clips I'm goingon to start with Gnostic
informant will join us later we'll join us later and we will proceed with some
discussion but what I've got for you tonight for all the satanic congregation okay come on everybody off everybody off
get off get off get off the time machine and let's go back to a time when you could banquet on a soul oh God bring it
to us go ahead and open it up chewy let's get the first boom first H clip first
clip nope there we go hit it St charts right what is the
Christ what is the Antichrist what is the Christ if you have to know the Antichrist you have to know the Christ
right all right let's see it it's a Greek word for for applying a drug
to your eyes so that they may be
open that's what the Christ means in Greek yes the incredulity on the face of
this podcast host is warranted because that is pure and utter nonsense pure and
utter nonsense pure and utter nonsense pure and utter
nonsense oh all right wasn't that fantastic did you like the degrees on
the wall That's Dan and everybody give a hand give a hand to Dan because he's stepping up he's stepping up and he's
going to defend he's gonna show you tonight in the arena he's gonna show you exactly what his skills have enabled him
to do so around around for around for the
warrior Dan thank you Dan give me the next one
from the verbo to be stung by the gab
fly so as with many words in many languages the verbal rooto in ancient Greek can mean more than one thing
overwhelmingly it refers to rubbing with some kind of sticky fluid of some kind
either after bathing or for some kind of ritual purpose or something like that so to anoint be anointed anointing
something like that is going to take up the majority of the real estate for the
occurrences of this verbal root however it can refer to the sting of a gadfly but that is overwhelmingly in the
minority of occurrences of this verb and it's limited to classical and later
Greek lyrical poetry oh
SM oh did you did you taste that can everybody just can we relish this for a
minute look before we proceed come on man you know let me take the mask off you know here we are I'll put the axe
down here we go um first of all you have to admire the
distinguished uh you know confident self-confident boy this is a self-confident person I'd be willing to
say that that is a form of compensation you see I've played this game before and
I've given conferences and when I gave them in in England they said the London
Times said This research is last while Frontier of Classics so I've been there
I've been there and I know and it's a way of compensating and this is typical for Bible scholars Dan is a Bible
scholar all those plaques on his back wall in that prop up his bravado all of
those plaques are degrees in Bible studies um classical philologists laugh
they laugh at the um level of perform perance that Bible studies are able to
generate because people I just I'm going to tell you this now I'm going to give it and I promise tonight I'm gonna do
what Dan I'm gonna do what um um Dan needs to be done he needs to be shown um
the technique and what we're talking about is philology here um Bible scholars study theology they usually get
a couple of semesters of Greek and then they get like a semester of an
intermediate reading would they look at let's look at John right and then maybe
a letter of Paul in there whoohoo and then all of a sudden um they're shipped off to the theology department and um
given their hoo-ha now how do I know all of this because I used to teach a
seminary and when I taught there I increased enrollment from five different
dases yes yes and how was I able to do that because I was a classical philologist and I know what um training
is classical philologist when Dan was sitting in theology um Alan was sitting
in Greek reading Greek and that's really the issue tonight right these are this
is notice that this is a Greek term I'm bringing you right Christos what is that
Christos what is it what is it and Dan says Preposterous so let's see Dan
please this is such a great form and people we love Dan um let's give him
another let's give him some bit another couple of chances at wisdom and let's see what we can pull out of it go ahead
jwy give me the next one none of which has anything whatsoever to do with early Jewish or early Christian literature not
the sepagan not the New Testament not the early Greek literature the notion that you can just assert that sense for
any given occurrence just because it happens to be in the Lexicon is strongs concordance NASA means to
deceive levels of
amateurishness amateur amateur you see what that is that's an amateur okay so remember
what's the context here I have told Danny Jones Danny Jones I had the
greatest day of my life was Danny Jones and Danny Jones said well God i' how
many times have I told him Christ
we're back are we back to Fantastic that was something I had a
really work up going you and I had something going and you didn't realize it I realized you were gone right oh
I've done that before um here we go are you ready here we go so what I'm doing
is look people I'm gonna tell you straight up I told Danny Jones and um as many people as have seen this now I told
them that Christ is a drug term yeah it's a pharmaceutical term right and
what we're going to do is we're going to watch Dan Dan we're g to watch him now step in
and say there is a difference between this person and this person this person's a Christian so the word they're
using it doesn't apply to their neighbor or their contemporary sources right it's very
um amateurish if you will yeah good word good word Dan you nailed it um hit the
last one neither the word EOS gadfly nor erania occur at all in the New Testament
uh or in early Christian literature this has absolutely no relationship whatsoever to the title Christos or to
the verbal rooto this person is just making this all
up all right all right so here we go are you ready okay so um look by the way by
the way Dan you're you're I can hear modern Greek and what you're saying which is seminaries do this because they
do not teach Greek well but um you know I was telling everybody dan that in
school um that's what we do all the time you you got to read all the text in you
can't say that you're translator of Greek if if you only spend the time that
you spend on a little bit of New Testament a little bit of sep um and all of a sudden you know um all
of the experts around you in your environment Dan because Dan when you're reading this Greek there are all of
these great great great works that are being written in Greek that shine
tremendous light Dan they shine tremendous light on all of the other documents that are in their environment
because this is what classical philologist do Dan we don't need theology right it's a science a reason
is the number one thing Dan so watch this this is what I'm saying to you people we're done with Clips right chewy
um this is what I'm saying you don't know the difference between
Dan and me you don't know the difference he says it's this way I'm
saying it's this way who who who can tell who can tell well we know your
reason we know your oh did somebody want me to spank
oh now I am a slave I am a slave to you Satanist oh I love this come here come
here come here you know here let's just just pull down Dan just pull them down
just a little bit just a little D oh it's good see how flinchy
flinchy let's go oh God you got the Bic thing going on right from the beginning
okay so before we put that up now here I'm just going to drop the bomb at the beginning of this whole thing and you
can just listen to this tune out and walk away and still receive the same
level of satisfaction right this is finishing during dessert you ever finished during
dessert oh God this is it here we go here we go are you ready oh oh oh oh
what is the problem Dan the problem is is uh you're not
looking at the sources right you're not looking at ancient medical sources
you're not looking at any of the Contemporary lit I know you're not because I can tell I can track you from
the way that you handle Greek I can track you ready are you ready Dan okay pull it up give Dan it here we're giving
Dan the pharmacon are we gonna give Dan the pharmacon here you go here it comes
it's a drug Dan look at the top it's a drug whether healing or noxious oh who
do they give us now what are you guys looking at here by the way this lexicon I saw you use the Lexicon Dan it was
like watching a person pick up a hammer for the first time or something um yeah
the authoritative you know this is not the authoritative text this is a tool
that the victorians develop those great classical Fist from 1850
right this is them this is aliceon wonderland baby so you got to respect it and how do you use this tool you got to
walk through the sources if you're walking the word through the sources you
can see how it is used over time and you can trace its semantic drift you can see
what happens to it oh it it's a history it's a history and it's oh it's so
vibrant watch the drugs here people are you ready here comes the bomb look at paragraph number two healing Remedy or
medicine right in Homer in Homer give me the next slide is this that blown up
watch this people boom oh are you ready mostly applied
outwardly and then he gives a whole bunch look at this gorgeous Greg here oh my God
EP oh God the look oh it just I don't know there's
you know there's a charm there's a charm there's a charm you know somebody's out
there right now making video video about um uh something I don't know something I
said I don't know uh it's probably not relevant but they're making it and it
just makes me wonder how do you justify if the language that you write in
ancient Hebrew it's got 8,000 unique words 8,000 how do you compete against
Greek that's got somewhere between 500,000 and 1 million to 1.5 million
they've estimated you know you can't count that kind of thing you can't count that thing your vocabulary that's
reaching for the Stars baby that's reaching for the Stars that's why do you see how
amazingly uh Superior ancient Greek is to the anglosaxon garbage that we have
to deal with that our brain is stuck in do you see it I can't get 1.5 million
words I can't even comprehend how do you get that much what what kind of con
Concepts explode in your brain oh I love it I love it let's relish he's still here Dan get over get over here Dan
bring that second one up again okay Dan are you ready Dan pay
attention look Dan look what kind of drugs we're talking about in this one oh
look to the end of the the one two three four fifth line down you're going to see then
pharmacon oh my God phon what is it what is a drug Christ
what is a drug Christ we've got that passage we we'll show it to you before we do before we that's Ides oh right and
Dan says now wait a minute wait a minute if Ides used it it cannot be used
by a Christian the same way because there is a wall of separation only in your false reality
Dan does something like that exist think about this Dan for a minute think about
it think about it classus sit around and they study all
the text and they study how the text influence each other do you know of all
the thousands of authors that we have Dan of all the thousands
of texts that we've got Dan do you know how many of those Are Walled off and
considered oh maybe out of time and space are they in a different dimension
you're in a fairy tale World Dan look Dan look at Jesus Christ Dan look at him
on that next line down angone look at the look at the word following EP do you know what the
difference is Dan you would if you read read the medical text but Dan doesn't
read medical text Dan says he knows Greek but he does not know
Greek and you're sitting there in the audience and you don't
know Dan can put on a face and can sit there and project to
you confidence and a guy like me can hear him and now he's full of it right
no he's full of it right Preposterous Preposterous how many academics conferences did I go to where
they use Preposterous right that's the disease of
theology that's the academic disease of theology it really just takes up all the
space in the students brain and they can't grow with the
Greek oh God I love it is this getting is this getting hot is this getting hot I'm
starting to get like oh Dan just hang in there with me Dan I love it you love it
you know what I mean you learn to love it let's go to the next um to that very same Source I just want to make sure
that we we gleaned everything oh yeah oh look he's gotone at the bottom for those
for those who are curious at the bottom he's got the different types of drugs in Greek you got catap plaston you got Pon
you got epon those are things you sprinkle on right you got epone as
opposed to the anone these epone you're going into the surface like with your
thumb and somebody's eye right um increas is an
ination going beneath the surface there's a it's a more aggressive form of
the application of the drug um how you know um we can do a lot with with whips
and you know stuff like that but this is bakic baby this is Jesus in his earliest
form right go um hit the next one chewy look at this people now um remember what
Dan said right there is absolutely this is just
absolutely crazy there is no connection between Christ and Drugs That's because
Dan has never read the text D I'm so sorry those those degrees those degrees
right ah ah it's a b it's a Bible
Institute okay look at this look at the epist I love this smeared on right
painted right give me the next one there's a companion flower there I love that they don't need to see that one and
here's the anisto I just want you to see it people look here is the word Christ
Danny Jones please look at this word you can see it in the Greek and it says in
Christ station and it's something that you rub into somebody and where do you
rub it look at the Greek in the blue it's in the blue Aus ofus oh isn't it
Greek is so sexy ancient Greek modern Greek is not ancient Greek Greek ancient
Greek is so it's got this kind of boom boom boom you know what I mean you're at that you're at that uh uh what do they
call Raves or whatever yeah um what is the Aus of thalmus into the eyes into
the eyes Dan I know you didn't read any of these texts Dan you can take it down
I know you didn't read any of these texts Dan that I'm you know showing you references to I know you haven't Dan and
I know you haven't read authors that are contemporary with the New Testament
people like dioris Dan do you know that diores talks about Christ Dan does you
know what he does of course he's talking about Christ because it is a
pharmaceutical operation the first Christ Dan was a
woman and she is the genius who figured out the mystery oh God Dan does that
hurt you does that hurt you Dan oh oh
let's see it you they don't they don't trust me they don't trust me I want to say something couple of things couple
more things um as we kind of as we kind of establish the Christ right what is
the Christ you have to also realize please realize everybody out there and I'm giving you this because a a lot of
people here have given their time so for this so I want to honor you are you are
you ready um that first Christ is a woman and she Christ herself in order to
enter into a state of mania and then seeds to intoxicate um people around her
to force them to enter that state it's active active possession active
possession fantastic okay let me get to the next one I want to I want to give
them a right hook here here comes the right hook Dan please hang in there Dan
I know it looks bad and I know I just showed you a reference to a text that talks directly about putting those in
the eyes but you know Dan there's a guy Das gordis in the first century he's got it all there Dan um you can find that
sometimes if you want you can go to lady Babylon you can look back because I've given references to dories and that kind
of thing I know you don't read them I know you don't read Paul of vagina I know you don't read gayin you may say gayin but you don't read gayin um I know
that for a fact sorry but it's second sophistic brother and I can tell um what
is this here this is the Enchanted potion or filter right this is the magic
side of the pharmacon and the wall that Dan wants to erect and this is what all
Bible scholars do right um the Bible is special it is the inherent word of God
and it is special the Torah that is special right the New Testament that is
special and these things cannot be dealt with in the manner that all of the other
bits of the past can be dealt with it's a special attitude I'm going to erect
you they may have done that but we certainly
didn't that's the same attitude Dan that they gave me at my dissertation the head of the department
said the rans just wouldn't do such a thing just wouldn't do such a thing Dan
there's thousand thousand of pages of the Romans doing just such things and so
I'm afraid to have to tell you this but Jesus was a drug user and he is crising
his own eyes oh God how's he getting that stuff
there remember Dan in the garden when the naked kid was with Jesus when he was arrested for him remember he had the
purple bandage on his you know the the medicated band let me say put it that
way on his um yah right and um Jesus is being
administered um the rights having the purple through the impregnated
linen uh under the pressure of the ejaculation of that naked kid right that
is the Jesus Christ who has the drugs on board who is
able to enter into the mystery you mean this is all chemical mystery of course
it is of course it is look at the words okay you're saying no you're still a not
and let me tell you something the word gospel how about if we just look at gospel the gospel you know what the
gospel is it's a word the doctors use wait what the gospel is medical term
yeah and guess what it's way older than the Christian usage the thing that you call the Christian usage it's way older
and it's been used over time what is it mean it means the power of bringing
Health that the concoction has so you have compound drugs and their gospel
their Evangelion or their EP angelion they use both um that that's the that's
the efficacy of the drug that you're taking that's the gospel oh really what
is salvation what is salvation Salvation is the state you enter
once you have the drugs huh okay fantastic and you mean
there are people who are using the terms just like that when Jesus Christ is walking around when Jesus Christ Dan is
walking around and he's you know he's like with that kid he's in the Garden of Gethsemane that kid's naked he's got
that bandage around his penis and he says oh my God the drippy
stuff is disgusting Ryan what is he's got that drippy stuff on his
face it's not the you know it's not the cleanest operation you know what I mean
um orgiastic or cult rights um that are involved with the mystery and always
messy right there's always purifications and whatnot that have to be done um the
baptisms right those are about dies those are about dies did anybody know that did anybody know that Mary was 12
years old she was auctioned off and that her vagina was full of the
burning purple yeah um that's that made it into the apocryphal stuff yeah we got
a midwife there and everything everybody che check it out I'm not kidding it's all there um right so anyway back to the
let's get Dan back up on his feet come on Dan stand with me Dan let's look at a couple more sources brother let's look
at this here's the I just wanted you to see that the drug is a d or a paint you know these things that they're putting
um the pigments that they're putting in the drugs um those are the very same pigments that they're using to die so um
you know it's not like they differentiate babtism is that medical
process oh God it's gorgeous isn't it go down to the next one we only have a couple here people tonight watch this
Dan watch this you've got a pharmacon a drug of Salvation soas now you didn't
know this existed Dan right you didn't even know where Christ was this morning when he woke up he didn't know what a
Christ was evangelicals across this planet they didn't know what a Christ was Mormons Jehovah's Witnesses all of
them they didn't know what a Christ was now they know the Christ is a drug
and that drug is the way of s salvation it's the way of Salvation it's the
phon but he didn't know that Dan didn't know that give him give Dan that next text I want Dan here this is vitamin Dan
here just be still this is gonna this is gonna hurt a little bit little pressure little pressure here Dan just just bear
with me try to relax try to relax are you ready this is some a Christ reference Dan look here's a Christ
reference here he is you know Chone there he is hi Jesus Jesus no this is from ureides this is from ureides and
who's ureides he's a tragic playright and what is he doing when I say tragic
playr I don't I don't mean like somebody who went to college to be able to do this kind of stuff or anything like no
I'm not talking about that this guy is the son of a root collector who is involved in supplying all the drugs to
the Cults okay and he's riding this in a cave and he has in the mouth of fedra
it's okay don't worry about who feeder is for now um he
says he says what kind of drug is it that you got do you have a Christ or do
you have one of those pobles they're distinguishing between drugs based upon how they're used those
pobles everybody drinks them right the Christ everybody knows what you do with
the Christ no problem no problem keep going now notice that you have not seen
anointing once right because that's the trash Heap right don't go there wait
just stay with the Greek people stay with the Greek here's Mark 16:18 what is Jesus say in Mark 16:18 he
says you're going to raise up serpents and when you drink the thimone
it's not going to hurt you when you drink the thos demon what are Jesus's
people doing they're drinking drugs drinking drugs Dan you didn't
realize that Jesus was a drug fiend Dan he's walking around with a title that says I'm a drug
fiend oh my God maybe you know you've
got to ask Christians just ask them straight up do you think J was the only
Christ that ever existed do you think he was the first do you think he just popped on the scene in fairy
tale and there he is boom boom I'm a Christ you're what nobody knows what
that means because the first fraking time any of us have ever heard it
where's that little kid where's John where's John where did he go people keep
saying I want to correct this he's so bad
what is that are we [Music] dead are we dead
oh God oh God I stepped on the wires oh I'm sorry jeey oh that was terrible
thank you for your patience thank you for your patience um we're getting through though we're getting through and
this week was all about getting through and I'm I'm really glad that I was able to do it and I want you people to see I
want you people to see so look I told you the name Christ it's about drugs now I just pulled out all the drug um uh
related material showed you the christing and different kinds of christing now you know why there's an
antichrist right which Isidor says is am which is cool but um there's a way um
there's a there's a way to see the Antichrist now right what is the Antichrist it's an an anote to the
Christ that's all it's an antidote to the Christ it's why Jesus the Christ
needed that naked boy you could not have had the Garden of Gethsemane if you did
not have a naked boy that naked boy was the source of the antidote which he is
ejaculating into Jesus's mouth through a linen wrap that is impregnated with the
burning purple and that's why when Luke says I don't know he's got this stuff it
looks like he's got sweat like blood you know it's that dark color it's because
he's involved in the right but it's drippy and slimy it's not the it's um um
it's not uh uh uh obviously it's something that he arrived at um from
struggles and you know etc etc I don't need to let you know the finer details
of what Jesus was doing to that naked boy that he was arrested with there's no reason for me to talk about that Dan
doesn't want to hear that kind of stuff um when Dan comes up and he says look I've got five books and these five books
I'll say the septu agent was originally written in Hebrew for this reason and that reason right this is the same thing
the Bible scholars have done for the last oh I don't know maybe 1,500 years
maybe 1500 very consistent very consistent people they always are
okay here's the problem and this is what the video the interview that Danny Jones
had um um this is what and by the way I had somebody um comment to me just today
um this was the best interview that I've ever given because it set things out
Danny was able to um keep me on some kind of linear thing and he Danny was
like you know be direct bro right that uh that I really appreciate that I
really appreciate that and he read the chemical Muse right before then R does
his work bro right I'm I'm I'm exceptionally honored to have been able
to be involved and I thank you Danny I knew that you were going to get a lot of heat a lot of people are praying for
Danny do we have a picture of Danny Jones do we have a picture oh look at this I kind of get excited when I see
Danny blow that up I have like a good day I don't know what it is some people
have yeah just I was trying to hide behind him does some people have this I
don't know he's got this thing I look at him I'm like yeah this is of the earth
you know what I mean this is strong this is this is going to last I like it get
him down get him down Danny um uh so look to be given the opportunity to
expose people like this is perfect this is the sacrifice that we love these biblical Scholars will come in with this
very same bravado they always do until they find out what area you study and then they're like o right because
everybody I'll tell you a secret everybody who studies who was ever been exposed to ancient Greek and this includes modern Greeks and I studied
with modern Greeks and I can tell you for a fact it is humbling ancient Greek
is humbling 1.5 million that's a
ton of unique words think of the brain power it takes to be able to produce that just following their tracks is
going to make all of us a lot smarter and it seems to do that consistently through history as it bubbles up through
the surface the more the more people open up that classical Greek all next thing you know there's Renaissance and
there there's whatnot now we can either have that Renaissance or we can very
happily sit back and look at characters like Dan and we can say what are they doing um
I'm going to follow I'm going to I'm going to believe I'm gonna commit to you
my faith and I'm G to believe that the Romans just wouldn't do such a thing as
drugs and I'm GNA believe in the fairy tale of Jesus
Christ who is not the guy who was arrested in a public park at 4:00 a.m. with a naked boy I'm going to believe in
a reality that is not the real and you and I know we can't do that
we can't do that that's why you're here is because you want the reality you value history you worship history and
you don't want the LIE please please understand I am not
the only one in this Arena we're about to bring in um Gnostic uh informant who
was just renamed Gnostic Warrior by someone
um but we'll bring we'll bring him in we'll bring him in okay um make sure
that we got I want to just end off with a couple of quotes here people you I always do this and people know it um oh
yeah here's your thimos what's Jesus what is Jesus giving to his people he's giving these death inducing drugs people
if you want to tell grandma what Jesus Christ was tell her she he was a guy who
was arrested in a public park with a naked kid and was h standing out at some
time death inducers oh God you you haven't been
there until you've been here I guarantee I know there's a few people out here like yeah yeah I hear them right give me
the next one um here we go the Curative property claimed by oh we're going back
to the gospel that's okay we're going back to the gospel um and you'll notice
that there's an attachment there's a connection between the gospel and drugs right because what is it people that
salvation is health and in Antiquity different times it changes and the drugs
change different regions change depends on what markets you can get but um
there's a long tradition Antiquity of the drugs being the source of Health
right it's one of the major gayen says it's kind of the foundational branch of
medicine is that drug work um love it love it oh God that stuff's gorgeous
give me we're almost done um hanging there no we're almost there um who are
the so sorry what's that okay who are the sast they're the worshippers of emus
SOA did you know there was a savior before Jesus yeah there is the first
savior was the first Christ and they called her Diana they called her Diana
medwa oh my God you mean our our roote for medicine
comes from her name yeah I'm talking history history's genius the media yeah
she's the one who started all this so fantastic um but she didn't get unlike Jesus um she didn't get arrested while
engaging their rights in a public park with a naked kid yeah love it let's go
to the next one finally I wanted to put up a couple of quotes here for the for
people look and for people who are emailing and telling me all of these most excellent accounts of your you know
Awakening of your inspiration of your drive you know um and those who want the
Greek too they want to eat that real stuff straight on up okay right we've got to stay together we've got to move
forward watch this people Tales from the Spectrum by the way I'm not monetizing
devil wanted me to say that damn I forgot about that in the beginning devil said hey you got to tell them we respect
the people who are saying we respect you for not taking poola right so it you'll
notice that our members have gone up our subscribers have gone up right so we got
to let people know that the only way this magic works as if there's not a
fraking dime involved yeah you guys oh God can you
smell it I think it's someone's backside hit the next one hit the next
one who is this oh God this guy gives me the creeps too okay give me the
quote I believe this is from tals from the Spectrum thank you thank you tals
from the Spectrum I believe I've identified the Antichrist
fantastic let me know he's here now fantastic he said Verbatim what the
Bible says he would I think he's talking about the interview I think he is about the interview um fantastic was he there
too I don't know the camera catched that it's the you know it's only what you can see in reflection right give me the next
one um more Ronin Scholars please oh this one this one made me so happy oh
God I love the spirit in this one yeah um see here's the problem
institutions institutions pump out people and um doesn't matter if their
training is good or bad bad as long as they're getting paid right that's what institutions do but they're
artists and there's discipline in that artistic community and it's those people
who end up bringing you the frontier it's those people um upholding the the
Orthodoxy um it's just not on our list of things
to do love it so you've seen Dan tonight you've seen the in Christ stations and
epicist stations and Christ stations and Antichrist stations um and you've seen
that they are drugs Dan they're drugs I'm sorry I'm sorry I know it's just because you haven't read these sources I
get it I get it I totally get it Dan thank you for coming tonight let's um
let us switch now here's what's gonna here's what I'm going to do I'm going to step outside because that was it I'm
going to step outside for minute and I'm going to summon some wind oh yeah no I'm
gonna reach out there and just suck in some fresh air I love it and I'm gonna
give Neil time uninterrupted to uh bring us his delightful um presentation hit it
you bringing Neil how you doing how you doing Gnostic Warrior what up what up what
up thanks for coming back again Mystic amateur Mystic
thanks for coming back I'm G to be quiet now and I'm because you have been pumping me with stuff that is just
fantastic you're getting uh great sources and I asked you to please find some naked boys in some magic text and
you're gonna do that too so let's see what happens yeah when you come back when you come back we'll go to that
stuff excellent while you're gone I want to give my my my thoughts on the whole
Dan mlen situation Kip Davis all that stuff good good but I feel I feel like
it's fair that we do it separately because we don't what you say isn't necessarily I is my own opinion what I
say isn't necessarily your opinion we have our own thoughts yeah no I'm yielding to you the the platform now you
can it's your space and people should have that oh yeah it feels like a salon
and now number two is up okay I'm gonna shut up and bounce out go ahead Chey all right so first of all to get out to get
the booze out of way because I'm going to I want to I have some some things some thoughts that I know that I'll get some booze for and some thoughts that I
know I'll get some cheers and laughs from so we'll get the booze out of the way who can get that out of the way my the booze that you guys all you guys all
throw your Tomatoes at me for this one but I thought Kip Davis did a diligent
and good job today at sticking to the text and uh looking at the evidence and
coming up with some good arguments I was especially happy to see him acknowledge
that scholarship is going into a direction uh he mentioned Jonathan Adler
he mentioned Gad Bera he mentioned um Russell gurin as in bringing out new peer
reviewed material and new ideas about how how how how late are these text or
how early are these texts the Hebrew Bible the Torah Genesis and he is acknowledging that it looks more and
more likely that these are helenistic in the form at least in the form that we
have it today helenistic with roots that probably go back for however far we who
knows I mean anything's possible in that sense I mean for example we talked about this on this channel before we have for
example before I even get into uh I just want to finish off the the kip thing before I get to Dan and we have in our
possession what is called Nest store cup so let me share my screen real quick
if you don't mind um it is the this page Wikipedia
page now this is nestor's Cup right this is this is the this is the cup of Nestor
what is that all right this is a 8th Century BC Greek alphabet cup and what is on it
is the name of a a character from Homer's Iliad all right
so we you can't find anything like this there's no cup with Moses's name on it
or Abraham's name on it you get stuff about the Kings and the princes and the
all that stuff that no one denies is is legitimate historical but as far as
anything from like genesis or The Exodus or the flood of Noah there's nothing
like this there is no cup that you could find look at this this is what it says in Greek I am the cup of n store good
for drinking whoever drinks from this cup desire beautifully crowned aidite he will seiz him we have we have this
dating so Homer Iliad we date it to when we find
evidence of the text right does that make sense we don't just look if Homer was
saying I'm a guy living in 14,000 years ago we wouldn't just say oh it's dat to that time for some reason with the
Hebrew Bible that seems to be the that seems to be where everyone tries to go they're trying to find out if how far
back can we go instead of actually just dating the text to where it goes letting the evidence fall where it falls finally
it seems like the tides are changing and people are because I've been asking this question for um at least two years now
uh when I yeah I'll would say for for about two years now I've been asking the question who is citing Genesis before
300 BC can someone just show me anybody mentioning citing it quoting from it
anything like that the prophets don't the prophets never do ever so I don't
know how you I don't know why it's taking so long for people to get come around that but kip but Davis came along
and he gave his I thought he did good so there's all right throw your at throw your vegetables at me and all that stuff
get that out the way but I got some stuff for Dan though that that it's not
it's not looking good for Dan all right I got a video on the bottom let's play it and we'll talk about it hey everybody
something keep in mind the next time you see people talking about what religion does and what problems it causes and
what religion is is that religion does not exist outside of our discourse about
it it is a conceptual category that we created it is a map and it is not the
territory uh the creation of this category really began with medieval Islam and was taken up within the
Renaissance the reformation and the enlight whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa what you just
hurt what just happened there you just I don't know if you noticed that but that
was a you just that was a thousand years you just skirted past like it was one year H is just something that was taken
up in the early medieval Islam and then renissance and the elment whoa what the hell was you have a time machine you
just went from the seventh century all the way to the 13th 14th century and
then all the way to the seven 16th and what you just what are you doing how do
you just say that's so so nonchalant you know ter the thing called religion is
something that was just some random thing that you know just just a just Islam and medieval and whoa you just
went through a thousand years right there that's a you can't just skirt past that like it was like a decade like you
you can say that for like I don't know uh you know there was this one mystery called that sprung up in uh eph near
Ephesus and it was around for you know half a century or that's you could say that but like you can't just skirt past
a thousand years of time seventh century to the to the Renaissance all the way to
the enlightenment you've already you just passed through a thousand years all right let's continue I I'll get to why
this is uh that's not the really the bad part though the bad the reason why I'm bringing up this video is because his
criticism of Amon can be directly pointed at him for his Arguments for
what the term religion means I'll show you what and it was primarily a tool
that European Protestant Christians used to help them understand this new world
that they were discovering around them and so in many I kind of agree with that but I
don't we'll just let's Let It Rock for a second is not playing
did it freeze looks like it froze look at him
hey Dan he looks concerned in so in many ways all right you know what I might
have to uh play this from a different player because I think it's not it's downloading on your end and it's fine I
can figure this out just bring it down I'll bring it back up in a second um it's it'll be no bit no problem I can I
can fix this and I can uh we're just going to play the whole video through and not pause them anymore and I have uh
and that's what we'll do all right let me say a song and dance while you prep that while you prep that are you ready
to go me yeah everybody something I'm ready to go okay go for it keep going all
right all right all so oh wait hold on I have to I have to remove this from the stage first all right um go ahead sing
your song and dance all right go ahead here we go people um the whole
thing that I I wanted to make sure people got um was that this is intentional
obfuscation right creating a false world where your people don't apply to the
people around you um this is a monest virus in the brain of humanity as soon
as the society goes monest you lose that classical wisdom and um outgo the
libraries outgo the read out goes the discovery oh I'm getting there I'm getting there you'll see when
I there play this clip hold that thought because I'm going to get there this has to do with the the the very FB the very
definition of religion it's funny that this is the thing that he's talking about and basing a lot of his he had a
whole course on this and we seem to be on exact opposite ends of this and I
think it has to do with a world this has to do with worldview in a lot of ways so what you just said is going to be it's
going to end up being very crucial to all of this it has to do with you'll see
actually I'm getting ahead of myself let me just let me play this clip and we'll go but something to keep in mind the next time you see people talking about
what religion does and what problems it causes and what religion is is that
religion does not exist outside of our discourse about it it is a conceptual category that we created it is a map and
it is not the territory uh the creation of this category really began with
medieval Islam and was taken up within the Renaissance the reformation and the Enlightenment and it was primarily a
tool that European Protestant Christians used to help them understand this new
world that they were discovering around them and so in many ways our concept of
Religion Today can be reduced to an essence of whatever sufficiently
resembles Protestant Christianity and this is the way that Brent nongbri phrased it in his wonderful book before
religion uh and so when people talk about religion usually it's a conceptual
proxy for Protestant Christianity it's an attempt to generalize from Protestant
Christianity to all other religions but we can't really Define religion in a way
that is analytically useful this is a debate that's been going on for many years within the scholarship and we have
just not found a definition that reduces everything that is labeled religion to
any kind of short list of necessary and sufficient features and that's because the concept did not develop with
reference to necessary insufficient features it is not learned and it is not used with reference to necessary
insufficient features uh and if you want to look at the scholarship that has been discussing this for many decades now uh
here are some things you can look up
let me can you hear me yeah this is the part that I want to focus on and finally
if you go to my link tree there's a PDF called religion and then in Brackets it says draft this is a draft of a chapter
from my doctoral dissertation from several years ago that I ended up cutting from the dissertation I didn't
submit it because it was too bulky and it was unnecessary but the whole chapter is basically discussing the concept of
religion how it was created how people attempt to okay so this is the part that really got me going
about all right so this is no no no wait wait can I can I just say I wanted to
kill myself halfway into that yeah oh my God but this there reason I had to get
to this part because I checked this this article this dissertation that he wrote
and he it seems like he was really okay I'm I'm just going to say this off the front and you're G I'm gonna I'm gonna
take you I'm gonna put my money where I'm out this and explain to you what why I think this he I don't think he went
into this looking blindly like a scientist would and gather and just let
the data decide the what the outcome was he went into this trying
to make try well maybe trying to argue with his dissertation was trying to find
the data that supports whatever argument he was making and he what he crit what he tried to criticize you for is
actually what he's doing here so I'm going to share my screen and this is
what I this is the dissertation right here so what this is what he does this is this is this was kind of crazy he uh
defines the word it's about the word religion remember he said he cut this from his dissertation so it didn't actually get into his dissertation but
he has it on his website um and he mentions it in that video now if you actually I'm not going
to read the whole thing but I really you know I would say if anyone's really interested read it why not see where I'm
at see where he's at let's then decide for yourself what what's going on here the part that really got me to want to
bring this up today in in context to why he's being a hypocrite for what he's saying about you is right around where
he decides to do an anemology of the word religion right here the purpose of
this section is to outline the process by which modern concept of religion is developed and he says I briefly outline
the process of reification as it is understood by Scholars today arranging discussion about the history of the
eological origin of the English word religion in the Latin religio sever
words appear to have been used in Greek and Latin Antiquity to refer to Concepts variously associated with the modern
notion of religion for example pus fides Le secta culus col thresia by the way I
got to I got I got to do something first somebody sent me a a screenshot to
right before this right before I went on with you someone sent me this screenshot and
um first of all let me pull this up because I'm gonna put a we have to put a pause in this for a second I'm gonna
come back to this dissertation but what just I have you H you're gonna you're gonna die when you see
this I don't want to spoil your surprise but I see it coming yeah and you're
right you're right oh God keep going keep going bring it up so here is someone sent me this screenshot earlier
to right before this is right before I got on with you and it's someone from it's a screenshot from a chat that was I
don't know where I have no idea where this is from actually to be honest but it's funny because it's so typical Dan
are you serious you think a person with four 4 degrees required ancient Greek
who spent almost 10 years supervising the modern Greek translation of the book of [__] and regularly visited Greece
doesn't know the Greek are you honestly think that I mean he doesn't sound like
that but that's my impression of someone who [__] talks like this like that is not an argument that's a
[__] I don't know Maniac thing to say to somebody how dare you question my G
I spent 10 years supervising the modern Greek translation of the m and Bible
[__] you dude you sound like a [__] douchebag okay okay okay reason why reason why I had to bring this up yes he
does this all the time he just waves his credentials at everything every he'll have a video he'll have he'll he'll
beking a video yeah he'll just say this is utterly false and Preposterous and um
here's 10 books that I never read or you're never going to read that agree with me on this but he won't he'll just assert he he does a lot of assertions he
never really gives arguments notice this he did this with you in the first video
yeah the one not the Christ one what was the first one about again oh God I don't remember translation the Greek trans can
I say though Neil let me interrupt let me interrupt because I don't want I don't want to miss this I'm flowing but
go ahead look at the no you're flowing and I don't want to interrupt it but look he regularly visited Greece somehow
he thinks his walking around modern Greece is gonna allow him to absorb
Homer and pendar I don't know I don't know you're smoking guy You're gonna
laugh when you see this You're gonna laugh and you see this because in that dissertation oh first of all I gotta say
this first when he the first video he did about you I give it a zero I I'm
giving I told him I I told you I told you Kip Kip did great today I give Kip I I don't even give any Kip Kip got a
hundred in my eyes I I know you you could disagree with that I'm just saying I lik Kip's video today thought the
energy was good and I thought it was great Dan's first video against you
zero zero you want to know why he gets a zero he didn't give any arguments all he
did was say nuh and here's five books that no one none of you are ever going
to read and I'm just going to Gaslight the whole public and make them think that they're I'm right because I have a PhD bro that's not an argument that's an
assertion and it's nothing at the end of the day we're back at square one because all you you're making an assertion and
by the way you gave arguments you gave multiple words the Theos saase thing that was a good argument I thought it
was very convincing thease is a technical term in Greek it it comes in the Hebrew in two different words I
thought that was a good argument Dan didn't do anything like that by the way Kip actually did give some examples he
said the word pasca a couple other words he gives some arguments [__] yeah let's do that that's what that's what this is
supposed to be about bring an argument Dan didn't bring [__] all Dan did is say nuh nuh here's five books that No One's
Gonna read all right anyways let's put that aside for now okay let me say Let
me say something let me say something I just want you to know that in that
second clip that you show to him where he was babbling on about religion I swear that is a hypnotic drug um that
religion departments have developed over time it's a logos that they use to lull
well it luls me into like you know first it migrates and then it makes me sleepy
I don't know why but but you have to understand too that
there is a lot there is a lot of bad work there is a lot you don't understand
it if you don't understand the lingo you don't understand that when one scientist has really gone
wrong and the others are all trying to correct them that's the problem with the theology people is that they have to
prop up that that um theology can can you just tell me Neil really quick SBC
is what explain that to me again SBC yeah yeah what is
SBC you mean whatever it Dan associated with it
Society of one of his prestigious groups they suck they they're try their the
whole point of them is just to I mean they'll they they if if the facts are
brute they they go they have to like their whole thing is like what can we get away with how how early can we date
the text let's see how early let's try to get to the Iron Age let's try to get it there there that's what they're doing
you could just so obvious they're trying to please all the Christians and they're trying to sell Christianity to Li
audiences but the bible really isn't that anti-gay guys it's really not it's really actually really Progressive no
it's not [__] that it [__] sucks all right and it's and it's dated to the helenistic period as you're gonna find
out but my when I drop my when I drop my my video with Gad Barna we'd blow it out the water for two and a half hours
anyways pull up my screen please so okay so the reason why I wanted to show you
that his little I how dare you question my Greek skills because right here
there's a word in Greek you see that word let me see if I can zoom in a little bit so everybody can see
it you see it thresa what is that it looks like it
looks like thresa but I don't know I'm not I'm not really sure and then I'm thinking to
myself maybe it's a coin version of some word maybe it's a different version of
the word thresa that I'm thinking of because that's that that's a word for religion right and I asked my friend who
knows modern Greek is this how you spell it in modern Greek he said no check this out ready I'm going to come back to
this and I gotta go back to I gotta go back to my other folder
just give me a second all right so back to this folder right look if you put that word into the
any lexicon this is percus tus this has percus tus has all the lexicons rolled into one that's why we call it Alice
baby no information found that's not a [__] word dude you spelled it wrong
oh how dare you question my Greek bro you spelled thresa wrong it's not a word
you don't know [__] Greek spelled it wrong dude here's how you really spell it with an all right so what does it
mean it means religious worship Now isn't that funny isn't that funny that
this word means religious work worship that's how it's used in Greek you see you got heraus
twice um EP what is this uh you got the book of Acts uses it
Ephesians uses it uh so Christians are using this [__] out of this word huh why
wouldn't we talk about this word all right let's just put this aside for now let's go back to the article if you
don't mind all right getting all fired up over here so
back to the article this is what he's saying here he says this you spelled the word wrong but he's
saying all those word Elia which is another word we use that translate to
religious or Pious or you know religious all right he says this is what he says
he just [__] says for example all of these words that we use for that that
that um all these words that I just named that form the basis of the meaning
of the English word religion just ignore all that [__] because I am just going to focus on this one Latin word
religio right so he's only gonna focus on this word religio but not only that this is
what he does this is where this is why he's a hypocrite for calling you out he decides to use three
examples of the word religio used by platus he uses the word platus Julius
Caesar and cisero while lcre lcus pejoratively
described it as a synony okay so maybe four but Mo mostly three he's saying okay cisero you
religio is a virtue that was contrasted with superstitio for Caesar it's an obligation of an oath right okay plotus
uses his word he calls me back directly and invites me to dinner I had Scruples religio and I could not decline so like
Oaths and uh obligations right super and then cero okay he uses these three why
are you cherry-picking those three when you just criticize Ammon ready for this
here is the percus tus so we're using Lewis and short lexicon here's the word
religio and look how many times it's used for reverence for the Gods
look at this 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12
13 14 15 16 17 18 19 why didn't you talk about any of those usage of the word why
did you just pick three cherry pick three random usages of the word now I get what
you're trying to do you're trying to show look the word religio was used in different context during in the ancient
world we don't use the word religion the same way they do that's because religion is English and religio is Latin and the
reason why this is a stupid argument is because you wouldn't do the same thing for scientia centia the word science comes
from the Latin word centia which means knowing or being skilled in anything
knowledge right here's a cisero right ciso I'm let's go with ciso he wants to talk about ciso let's talk about C right
C uses the word right here he
says I suck attin
Max all right now if you look if you check this with this you know I'm being honest I'm I'm not a Latin guy but I
know what this translates to I can look it up because other people have done it before me it says either we know nothing
about such things or even if we know them thoroughly we cannot be better or
happier because of that knowledge basically Cenas is the Latin word for
the is the Latin version of the Greek word nosis it means knowledge that's it
we use the word science way different than the Latin uses the word
cenat right but why isn't why where's Dan at trying to tell everybody we
shouldn't use the word science anymore because it doesn't mean what it used to mean right because that that's not a
worth that's not a worthy dissertation because it's not it doesn't do anything because nobody would care everyone would
just ignore it but the fact of the matter is this this is stupid dissertation anyways because this is
actually a fun funny thing that happened it's very it's very uh comedic it's very what happened with this is actually very
hilarious so there was actually a time where Dan tried to police the usage of
this word on the internet so let me share my screen one more time I have another screenshot this happened a while
ago there was a debate between a Christian and David McDonald was pretty good debate and um I was in the chat and
I decided I said look for once I agree with the Christian here I said religion
has the Public Service of giving people an outlet to grieve loved ones who pass away this is something I don't think
anyone can disagree with and then this is that's wait a minute he just used the
word religion and in a context that I don't agree with I got to police the internet
now and he says religion doesn't exist outside of discourse so it's not doing anything at all and then the funny part
about this is uh wrong way funny part about this is two seconds
later um people other people in the chat are using the word religion religion isn't a direct correlation to a lower
aggression we don't see higher aggression and the Ember disagree with me politely I don't think religion let
alone any specific religion should get credit for human grief that's part of human being now listen we all know what
they mean by that none of us are thinking in ourselves well uh Cicero
would have used the word religion difference so Ember you shouldn't have said it that way you should change whatever you said to worship of the gods
or something no because that's incoherent that's not how language Works
people we decide how we determine what words mean and and words change over
time right now when I say the word religion people know what I mean by it they don't think that I'm talking about
an obligation for like Caesar used it they think I'm talking about worship of
certain Gods attending a certain church or a synagogue or a Buddhist temple people know what religion means because
that's how we use it now I have one more thing that I want to
present um oh a couple things actually beautiful beautiful text from my boy
here speaking of the Renaissance because I think this this word is very uh well
well defined in my opinion and I disagree with what Dan's trying to do with this word I think his dissertation
sucks I think the way he tries to redefine words by going back to the ancient past and trying to bring the
context of what they talked about in the ancient past into today's uh world is is dumb I don't know what it doesn't have
any it just doesn't seem useful at all um people when we say monotheism M we
know what that means we know there there is no pure monotheism anywhere even Islam isn't really purely monotheistic
there's Jin there's Spirits there's the devil hasatan all that stuff we know we know there's no pure monotheism but we
know when you say monotheism you know what it means we know it means that there's one Eternal Creator who's
perfect and infallible and and all the spirits are Bel that's what monotheism
means let's not play and I'm going to get back to that in a second my boys Brun broy and
Flavio from the 14th and 15th century along with makavelli and
petrarch this is who I this is what who I've been reading in the last couple days or last couple weeks right now I'm
right now I'm in Flavio uh Bond uh Bondo Flavio he's I'm
reading him right now because I'm working on a video and I'm actually glad this all happened between Almon and Dan
because I I I'm make I was originally making a video dealing with some of the
stuff that I disagree with Dan on but I'd rather do it here because this video is turning into a really deep anthropology video that I'm working on
it's going to be a big documentary about what is religion and I couldn't I I found the
most beautiful beautiful definition of religion from a Renaissance writer who
used by the way petrarch Flavio and broy broy and um makavelli they all use the
term Dark Ages to refer to the the period between 500 AD and a th ad and
the reason why they that the scholars today hate that [__] I think Dan's one of those people who hate that who fight
against that and then no that's a that's incorrect Dark Ages it wasn't really that dark it was actually pretty bright
no [__] that I agree with the Renaissance people I agree that it was dark ages and there's only one reason
why I don't care about technology I don't care about logistics I don't care about how cool their churches look
I don't give a [__] about how beautiful they have a crucifixes and all that stuff there was no [__] text no
classical literature between 500 and a thousand zero you cannot compare cisero
you cannot compare uh you cannot compare oid and Virgil and Homer and Plato and
Socrates and hpaa and and safo you can't compare them there's no there's no
comparison to all those amazing brilliant thinkers and writers of the classical Antiquity compared to anyone
between 500 and a th000 ad [__] Dark Ages bro period facts and so this dude
says this so well this is what he says religio nonius marccelus writes is
the worship of the Gods according to Plutarch in the life of amelus paus the
philosophers and all other ancestors defined it as knowledge of divine
matters all as Gus said says that Marcus Cicero in a speech on the appointing of
a prosecutor maintains that shrines full of majesty and awe are called religiosa and sabinus thinks that
religiosus is what which because of some quality of Holiness has been removed and
set apart from us the term being derived from leaving behind Rel lener sish or
servia sish supicious thought that religiosus is that which because of some
quality of Holiness has derived its name from to remove and pompus Festus says religiosi
are those who distinguish between the things that are to be done and the
things that are to be avoided now that is a good atmology dig for religion done
a how many years before Dan did it 800 years before Dan did it and it's not
Enlightenment and this is before the [__] uh uh Protestant Reformation so
this is already these ideas are already way before the Protestant Reformation nothing to do with that and by the way
all and Dan is actually Dan is making this weird argument that this term religion only s somehow somehow helps
Protestant Christians in the Modern Age and he says in his article it says only for like white males for specifically
which is weird uh that's in the article you'll see that but the term for
religion in Arabic is widely used in the same
context that we it's called Dean d i i n or however it's spelled in Arabic Dean
and that's the term that we would translate into English as religion and it's used in the exact same context so
you're you're actually what you're doing is you're taking the context away from
the whole world basically and just saying and just trying to hone in on these one little group of people as if
it only helps them I think you're I think you're putting your politics into this [__] too much dude I don't I don't
find that a fair argument okay I'm gonna bust in because
I want to make a comment yeah and I need to say that um chewy is very quick on
the trigger and was trying to shoot somebody in the chat and missed and hit
somebody else and what was the um for that person who was hit oh it's Dave
Hawthorne Dave I'm so sorry chewy blasted you but you got a big laser hole
right in your chest buddy if we can bring you back from the dead we will but we weren't shoot she was jewy wasn't
shooting for you um um keep keep the chat in a place that is appropriate for
the salon baby right or chewy is armed and ready you see that that bow thing
all right sorry I want to say about what you were just doing Neil first of all it was a little hard to watch it was a
little hard to watch I got to admit I mean I took my turn you took your turn
and boy by the end of it it must be sore it must really be sore what I saw you do
was what a good dissertation committee will do right you have to get that
dissertation to the raw point of perfection and somebody who's going to
step up put some Greek up there and misspell it that's you know come on man
especially especially when you get that you get that offended about how great your Greek is that you for 10 years um
yeah right did I tell you about the back and forth that I had when I I uh with him on
X on Twitter tell me about the back and forth all right can can I can I just throw a couple more screenshots oh yeah
no I'm out I just wanted pop in for a second this is funny people are gonna like this because I I brought some [__]
to him on on Twitter that he just had to stop listening he had to stop replying because he he knew he tapped out it was
game over for this dude so you know I follow Dan I you know I learn I actually
learn a lot from Dan mlen Believe It or Not uh especially on the Hebrew Old
Testament stuff I want to know I'm trying to learn as much as I can from everybody but I noticed something oh
this is is the wrong slide all here it is Dan
mclen there was a post where he uh I have it screenshotted here somewhere um sorry about that let me
just um did I really not save it oh here we go okay I got it now so
Dan mclen was refuting a Christian and the Christian made this
point and I thought this was kind of dumb at first I just didn't know understand what what the argument was
some Christian named Chris cougler said that Paul didn't believe in only of course Paul didn't believe in only one
God but he did believe in a cosm cosmogonical first principle that was distinct from all other reality not in
degree but in kind now Bravo to you Chris because you read
the sources and maybe he doesn't maybe he just got lucky I don't know but if you read the sources you would know that
that was the dominant philosophy in the first century under the middle platonism
of the day middle platonism for those who don't know was the leading
philosophical dominance of thought all over the Mediterranean which combines
Plato's philosophy of the demiurge the perfect God who created
everything mixed with the stoic logos who's also
a monistic maybe even uh yeah monistic God they sometimes they
call the Noose the mind or the AR the first it comes from the presocratic comes from Athens baby now if you don't
read [__] the classical sources you wouldn't know this and I this is Dan showing off that he doesn't know
classical sources because this is I'm I'm telling you just I I wish I can
describe this better if if if you know you know but a man you never you ever you ever heard someone try to just like
explain I don't know Star Wars or something and they pretend to be an expert in Star Wars but then they say
like Jaba the hoot and they say or they say like some name wrong or something and or they get something wrong that's
so like so sophomoric it's like wait did you even watch that movie you how did
you not even know this that's what Dan's doing right here this is on Full display because any Anyone who reads the [__]
text from the first century or the first century BC or the 2 Century BC or the
third Century BC even in the fourth Century BC you will find in theologians and
philosophers there's an idea of an AR the first the one the monad as the uh as
he's described in the uh in the uh calan
oracles The monad Who splits his diad into two becomes a Triad and this is
influencing trinitarian theology now I am I just am I just connecting the two because I feel like it no we have
Christian sources called The valentinians Who were prominent in the first half of the second century who
believe that Christ and Zoey logos and Zoey as in John one describes if you
read it in the Greek Dan should know this if you read the John 1 in the Greek you get Theos creates the world through
a logos who splits off a diad as zoei life that's translated into life the
valentinians argu that that's a Triad in the in the Pythagorean sense and he was
charged by hippitus in the late 2nd Century with plagiarizing
Pythagoras this is how we know this is our Greek ideas anyways so Dan comes along and
thinks this is a retroration of laner philosophical Frameworks onto Paul's writings for instance it presupposes
creation X niilo huh which is an ideology that wouldn't be created until
over a century after Paul's death people need to think more critically about what monotheism is now this is strange
because the guy didn't even say anything about monotheism and he didn't say he didn't
even say anything about creation from nothing which is what Creo creation xne
Hill is which is a it technically is a Doctrine from uh theophilis of Antioch
in the in the late second century which is what Dan probably read somewhere and just asserted that that's that's got to
be the only time it just it vented from thin air like n there's no ideas that preceded just this guy was a genius just
out of thin air invented this new doctrine but it's such a weird thing to to say to this guy so okay so uh I have
my things backwards you just got to um here we
go so I come in and uh somebody somebody asked Dan
mlen they go hey Dan isn't it possible that ex niilo was I think they said something
along the lines of like not necessary for the for Paul or there could be similar ideas to this some he said
something like that I didn't have that part screenshot I don't really care what the person said but Dan's response was anything is possible but the
overwhelming consensus I hate when he says that the overwhelming consensus is not an argument by the way it's an
assertion but the overwhelming consensus is that the Christians developed it in the late 2nd Century during debates with
gnostics and other Greek thinkers whoa that's a really sophomoric phrase right
there debates with gnostics what what did I just what what the [__] do you not
know Christian history not debates with gnostics what is this like 1940
scholarship right here we're I thought we're way past the Gnostic thing because that's a first of all that happened in
the early seconds early early 2 Century not the late second century and they're not gnostics they're just [__]
Christians we call them gnostics they called them gnostics later so all there's so much wrong in what he just
said there so much wrong in what he just said there so I come in this is what I said anything's possible how about maybe
read the primary sources and check this is laughably wrong in order to be this
off one must have gone their whole PhD career without reading any primary sources of the theologians and
philosophers of the time of Paul just because theophiles of Antioch was the first to articulate this as ctio X nilo
in the60s does not mean that he just invented it from thin air this is
typical of middle platonic theology a combination of the stoic logos with Plato's demiurge easily found easily
found you could just find S sources all over elen is a big Source uh plutar talks about anyway I'll just keep
reading uh and even in some degree going back easily found in the writings of Philo his first century BC writer and
first century CE writer he's he's in he's at the turn of the century uh writings of five and other middle plate
inness and even in some degree going back to Plato's tus everyone if by the way if you haven't read Plato's tus
don't call yourself a scholar of religion don't call yourself a SC a the a theology major stop call yourself
something else because if you haven't read if you don't know Plato tus then you don't know the whole roots of of
Western Theology of of you don't know the roots of monotheism at all you need to just stop you need to go back to
school and let me finish this off before you say something on that all right as the idea develops over the course of
many centuries just looking up when was ctio x nio a Christian doctrine doesn't
explain where this idea comes from and Paul's theology was certainly influenced by midal platonism by the way you could
tell not just by how the way you could tell by the way uh Paul's ideas and Paul's Paul's aesthetic Paul's um Paul's
morals all middle platonist all of it and also debates with gnostics that
happened in the early second Cent Cy not late 2 century and nobody called themselves gnostics they were just
Christians with various beliefs some emphasis on nosis in some of the groups this whole post sounds uninformed in
many ways now before you say something if I was to make a list of all the the
major Gnostic thinkers all of them are dead by 160 Mar uh um marcion
valentinus the kpoc crates basilides most of them are dead before the second
century even started saturnus Mark Simon megus uh most of them are dead most of
them didn't even make it to the second century they're all first Mo the roots of it is first century they're all dead by the year 150 144 160 so it's like
wait a minute how many of these people came back from the dead Dan to debate with to debate the Earth creation ex Neo
that's you don't know what you're talking about all right did you want to say something I just wanted to say
congratulations for um Towing you know the line over it's not
over yet get worse you know what I mean no but I I think it's important to realize look what you're doing you're taking a critical look at the work and
you're doing it from the perspective of those sources um I'm I just want you to
know I'm I'm digging your work this this is where the gas lighting comes in this is where the typical Dan comes in
typical how dare you how dare hey I'm a Mor Dan comes in after after I just
threw all the primary sources down his throat he comes in and says I've read the primary sources many times which I
can tell he hasn't because he wouldn't have said that just straight up fact doesn't follow that's not logic you
wouldn't have said what you [__] said if you read the primary sources duh I've
read the primary sources many times and I'm representing the overwhelming consensus the overwhelming consensus
you can check out May HBL Winston V Goldstein and more recently even andon
and Brick Mill to read about the primary sources that you've
misread to be promotion promoting creation by the way I never promoted a creation X Neo you're the one that
brought that up I just said you don't [__] need it dummy all right before I even checked
any of those [__] names that he threw at me in attempt to Gaslight I didn't care because I know I I know the primary
sources and they didn't change because you just threw some books at me they're still there and they still say the same
things Dan that's how history works it's stuck Frozen history doesn't change we
can play definition games and nothing changes in the past except how we look
at it so here's what I said listing a bunch of Scholars names in some attempt
to Gaslight does not somehow erase the primary sources like Plato aristobulus
pho AR in forming groups like The Hip sterian with concepts of an eternal perfect Creator just as Plato talks
about Inus and this was present in Middle platonism long before CIO X nilo was an
official Doctrine again ctio XO wasn't invented from thin air it was preceded
by these doctrines and I know this because I read the [__] sources from the primary sources you
don't read Dan the comment you tried to refute was not about ctio xilo became a
Doctrine in Christianity the comment was about what Paul believed about God and
you can't say that these ideas came later that would be admitting that you are not aware of the
sources then I went and looked first book he so he so he he gave me May was
the first one and I you know let's see Maybe I'm Wrong maybe Mr PhD with his
[__] 10 years of teaching Greek maybe he's right and I'm wrong let's see let's read the [__] [__] that he gave me to
read the first [__] page I open up was a
literally about literally mentions all the sources that I mentioned it mentions Pho it says is it the he opens up a
question is it true that Pho already had something similar to cretian X nilo in
the first century BC we're going to talk about that and then it says oh of course we have to talk about play's tomus as
well all of it was right there in the [__] first page I couldn't believe it
so I I had I had to come back to Dan 24 hours later I came back to Dan I said Dan after checking into some of the
names you listed the real question is did you read them may immediately begins
to discuss Plato's tus and the question of did Philo already teach creation out of nothing and how Plato's was
interpreted by bilities first century Christian not late second century Christian you're off by about a 100
years there interpreted by facilities by the way the Magus archon that's a braxus
baby first second century Christian the logo the logo of my channel that's a braxus that's the megas archon he's the
Eternal perfect God that created everything you cannot say that you don't need there's no requirement for ctio
cretian xilo by basil for Basil's Doctrine he already has it there it's in the sources read hippius read uh
ireneaus a first second century Christian he even has a chapter about
theop theophilos of Antioch who he says is responding to these ideas nothing so
far suggests that the idea of a single perfect Eternal Creator requires the doctrine of creation X niilo you can
reject Pho and Plato as holding to you can reject that Pho and Plato hold an identical Doctrine to of Cen creation X
Neo but you still can't reject that Eternal perfect one is not something already dominant by Paul's time this is
so bad this is when I decided I got to this is to make a video I got because you know Dan you can you can go after
low lwh hanging fruit Tik toks all day long but as soon as someone comes along
and challenges you you get quiet because he because he never responded to that last post about when I said bro you were
wrong and I was right the sources he never responds to that he's done talking to me after that but one of his um
colleagues Jason Staples who's a big-time biblical scholar big-time biblical scholar he came along jumps out
of the woodwork and says Dan I am exceedingly unpersuaded by that
last statement what is the evidence that Christian monotheism the by the way
everyone knows what he means by that so who gives a [__] how you define this word I knew what he meant by that the
idea that the Christian God is the high God qualitatively different from everything else requires ctio X niilo it
certainly isn't logically syllogistically required so his own colleague comes in and [__] checks
his ass and so Dan Dan does respond to him but not me he says the enlightenment
Christians who coin we're already we're already back in the enlightenment again the enlightenment Christians who coined
the term treated the notion of matter existing eternally independent for and IR IR irreconcilable with monotheism as
have most Christians since then then Scholars started arguing creation X nilo isn't in the Bible and things
changed what the [__] was that you just dodged the whole question nobody gives a
we're not talking about how to define monotheism we're not talking about what enlightenment Christians decided the
monotheism was we're talking about Paul and what Paul believed in God does it require creation X hillo or no it
doesn't if you knew the sources this would be a done deal we're done but you're just completely dodged that
question so and then he says so is it monotheism for Christians has always required creation next Neo look you
could tell he's confused what the [__] or just since the enlightenment I'm a little confused here or is it just the
term theism itself we're talking about no that's it Dan never responds to that
never he he he's done he just Taps out he just pretends it never happened he's gone you know how Dan responds to
everything on X or on [__] Tik Tok doesn't he can respond to [__] Almon
today why is he still hasn't responded to this so this is the last thing I said and I left it alone after this I said
Dan are you all right should we get you some help talk about Gish Galloping holy moly you keep going off into areas that
have nothing to do with anything that was said by the comment or my response to you none of this has anything to do
with Paul and First Century Middle platonism we can play a defined monotheism game all we want at these
stupid conferences that no one cares about I certainly don't care about them I don't care how you define monism I don't give a [__] all I care about is
what do Tech say we can play definition games all we want I don't care it's
stupid that's why I think your uh dissertation was stupid about religion I I think it's dumb who cares none of that
will change what happened in the past and rewrite what people believed so again for the fifth time based on what
every single person who studied 101 ancient philosophy and theology already knows why does the belief in a perfect
Eternal one distinct from other Deon deities
require ctio X niilo the answer is it doesn't and anyone who actually reads
the primary source about this period could tell you this Dan never replied
Tapped Out done gave up because he knows he's done end of that's the end of that
story wow okay now for those of us who okay we got to call the match and
what we see and we got to say it like it is here in the museum by the way 540
people are watching this [__] right now yeah no thank you for the people who are coming new people to Lady Babylon um
yeah and by the way to the guy that we executed accidentally Chewy be better
with your blaster um what you've done is I really really
like the fact that you're drawing it all back to those primaries and this is the
real problem when Dan wants to erect a boundary between Christians and
non-christians living at the very same time or Jesus and those people around
him um this is what the theology has given us it's t it's tamped
down you know Julian do you think Julian was right after all that Neil and as a means of calm down um after the fight
which by the way it was gruesome brah it was gruesome remind me to bring you along you can you can you know we can
watch each other's back uh I appreciate that and you're flying with uh some
serious skill so um thank you for being a participant um but uh tell me this um
is there something in the theology degree is there something in the
religious history degree is there something in
the in the fabric of the discipline that causes you to produce somebody who's
going to make uh you know who's going to make big assertions without you know
really looking at evidence um you're tell me this is what I'm asking this is
what I want your uh perspective on you're coming at these sources new in
the last couple of years right and you have managed to saturate I don't know
how much time you sleep but you've managed to saturate yourself um when
you're throwing things listen to your listen to you talking about Plato tonight that was fantastic timeus God
I'm like I wanted to find the exit like oh I hope he didn't call on me right you know what I mean so nice job nice job
gorgeous job and um kudos to you for that and that's all that matters at this
lady Babylon Dojo that is all that matters that is executing the art and I
think that's what um really stings me about guys like Dan is that they um they
bring a an element of deception uh to the
science and that and I I think you're a great warrior for that uh for that
reason uh so congratulations I I is there anything else you want to
throw in there after the you know you know it's not I think there's a there's there's what's evident in a lot of these
academic circles is there's certain it maybe not dogmas but like
there's certain atmospheres where certain things
are there's ideas that are pushed easier than others if that Mak sense where it
there's a lot there's some group think going on it seems like and it seems like it seems like there's some political
layers there yeah and I'm not talking about one side being correct politically
or one side not being correct I don't care if I I might agree with his politics but that [__] should not deter
how I look at the ancient past yeah you shouldn't do that that's that's that's all that's all it's sloppy isn't it it's
sloppy and you find that a lot unfortunately through seminaries you find kind of sloppy work like that um I
would uh thank Dan for coming tonight I really appreciate the fact that he's
been a guest and this has been um Scrump I look forward to any responses we get I
I hope um for the for for the 586 people yeah um who have come I I
feel the burden and the weight uh the responsibility of giving you um
something that's worth your time and I hope that tonight um you appreciate and
accept as a gift to you the vision of Jesus the Christ who is the drug using
um child prostituting a guy from a time when you couldn't
always get away with that kind of thing you may get crucified for that kind of stuff um and the drugs thank you for
following the drugs through all this BR back the Dark Ages term oh yeah what what were you saying
by the way about who figured so my my boy is petrarch he's one of the he's the one who coined the term in like the
1300s and then makavelli used it Brun broy used it Flavio used it it was big
in the Rena early Renaissance right around the time Constantinople fell people were like this is some dark [__]
going on in the last thousand in the last 800 something year whatever 500 years and they look you know what they
were doing they were they were they were they were looking back at the classical Antiquities classical sources of
antiquity they're looking back at Avid and Virgil and Homer and and and and
Aristotle and HIPAA who's the real martyr not the fake Martyrs that they've
made fake legends about and and uh safo and all these amazing texts that we got
yides all these amazing plays that we got all the mystery religions that people believed in that's what that's
that's what mavelli was saying he's saying everyone's atheist now this is before nii forget about nii makii was
saying the same [__] nii was saying he was saying why is it everyone nobody even believes in this [__] anymore it's
all just like fake people believe belied in religion back in the ancient Roman days
people look forward to the next Roman Festival of Magna mat people look forward to the games of Apollo people
look forward to the dionan uh uh bakic revelries and the saturnalias every
month there was a new Festival to look forward to they're in now you got Easter and and Christmas yay no one gives a
[__] and so they're they're called it the Dark Ages and I know um what's that
scientist name oh [__] um he got in trouble he got in trouble for s for
bringing that term up Dark Ages and all the all the academics were like bad bad
that's a bad term you don't use that no you're not allowed to use dark ages anymore and uh you've been around
academics now and you've been interacting with them by the way you also interacted with the great uh uh
scholar who works uh in hia right and he worked with uh finklestein from Tel Aviv
and the dude who was on the megiddo Dig oh God God what gorgeousness and what
was he can you just give the audience a punchline of that because you can't oh I
got a clip actually okay oh you have a clip oh play it play it all right uh this is actually a good this will
actually be a good uh this is this is all right I'm gonna stay tuned for my channel coming out out in the next day
or two probably in the next two days something like that I have the full video of this
clip um and you see it in the archaeological record so clearly there's nothing before and every and it starts
after um that I think it's I mean it's really hard to yeah to argue with that
this is what I've been saying for as long as I started to discover some of this information um and then obviously
we get the SE agent translation coming a little bit later but it doesn't seem
like the construction or the creation of the Genesis for example let's just take
Genesis by itself doesn't seem to be have been constructed that much earlier maybe less than a century before at some
point decades yeah knowes do you hear what he said talked
about Virgil do you hear what he said uh he said decades if not decades and by the
way you know how I wasn't I wasn't setting him up I wasn't trying to put any words in his mouth I was so liberal
with how I handled that I'll go hey when do you think the trans I go when do you think the translation came about how
Century at least he said maybe decades we're talking somewhere between
300 and 270 is when we get the Torah according to a leading professor at hi
University can I can I just say I told
you so you've been saying it and yeah no he's he's right on it and um yeah good
you know what it's nice that's so uh inspiring to see a scholar out there
who's willing to say exactly how it is even though hey you know what that means right I mean that's Neil that's uh
that's an atomic bomb if he's got a book that guy so stay tuned for my podcast
with him two and a half hours long all we're talking about is dating he calls
it yahwism yahoo from the elephantine we talk about elephantine yahwism how
they're all polytheistic there's no Moses there's no Abraham there's no Noah there's no Jacob there's no David
anywhere for a thousand years before 300 BC and then then he says heck there is
the first person to ever mentioned Moses everything we both been saying for on this on your channel on my channel for
the last year and two years he says it right here he his own we his his his word is so is separate than us how is it
that he's coming to the exact same conclusions as you and me because we're reading the sources you the science only
works one way you don't come to two different conclusions when you have when you run the certain tests and with the
same evidence it's amazing that um people didn't you know don't realize that
classical philology study of uh ancient Greek and lot that's a very scientific
discipline you know you know he said it's so first thing he says in that clip it is so clear there's nothing before he
meant he's talking about 300 BC he's talking about the year when he said before he meant the Library of
Alexandria because we were just talking about that right before that clip he goes it's so clear there's nothing
before the Library of Alexandria and then all of a sudden after the Library of Alexandria you get all these Bible
texts everywhere and all of a sudden synagogue start by the way the oldest synagogue in the archaeological record
is like 175 BC open it I was there the oldest one yeah second second century um
uh Greek It's All Greek that's there that's all they've got left is the Greek because they didn't have any Hebrew
right and people are always shocked they're like yeah by the way speaking about Dan he's he tells people that the
biblical story becomes historical during and but at the time of
David which means king who had all these wives and concubines the richest man in the world who had all these lands and
territories we where's the evidence of that why do you mean historical what the
what that um I ran up his only book that he has out his only piew book uh
yahweh's Divine Images and one of I read it one of it's like right in the first chapter he's dating the biblical he's
dating the Bible to like 700 BC he is in that book yeah that's guess
guess who published that bookl okay got it okay now I understand
yeah I hope they made some cash on their on their deception um yeah um yeah okay I was
gonna say something it just kind of fled my mind um it I'm kind of overwhelmed
because uh it's you know with the megido Dig um and uh your professor from hia he
knows uh um he knows finklestein right yeah um
um yeah anyway with that dig they were saying it Mido weren't you on that dig
yeah I was and what they were saying from uh the season that I was there at
least um what they were saying is that one of the layers was Solomon's right
this is Solomon's Way Station and this is where they take tolls and there's no right that stuff's all made made up it's
all made up right that's why when they dug down to the Canaanite floor I was like yep that's part of our video we
talk we said that's another thing Gad was saying he goes we use the terms second and first temple period what does
that even mean it's all based on the Bible none there is no first and second temple period by the way Herod what was
that the Third Temple then why don't we call it the temple that fell in 70 that's the Third Temple and it's not
even like poy the Great saxs temple in 63 BCE they Temple gone after that they have to rebuild it after that there's
like there's a whole bunch of Temple periods but we don't but but we only say first and second why because that's what
the Bible says yeah it's like an infiltration because when you say this is us and we
are different just like Dan was doing tonight This Is Us Christianity um and we are different
from everybody else around us um then you can treat your scholarship that way and your history can come out completely
just a bastard IED form of reality and it's been in those periods when people
discover the source right when you go back to the source and you know what I'm
talking about now you've been there right you worship The Muse baby it's those sources that are everything the
sources are everything so yeah I'm gonna throw it I'm gonna throw it to you then and I'm gonna say hey um give me your
last thoughts on the evening um it's been an interesting week we've had a lot of things going on um give me your last
thoughts and we'll throw it to the uh chewy if you can get any questions that
you want to bring up bring them up but go ahead a man I think we need to uh
there's one thing I do agree with Dan on is the uh the notion of serving relig
religion serving this class of Protestants and Catholics and Orthodox
Christians needs the go as if we're still in the Dark Ages I'll just say it like that
because once we can bring back the idea that religion is has to do with the uh
the reflection of the self the the the inspiration of what we
call the Muse that dionan Spirit the frenzy the inspiration the bakic Mania
baby give people fired up about something artistic expression as in the
ancient Greek and the ancient Romans and the even the ancient Indians and and all the and the Hindus and there's a lot of
ancient Africans as well bring back the ancient expression of the self as
religion bring back the images again idolatry is not evil the image bring an
image of every single type of person that exists hermafroditas everything needs to be on
a [__] as an altar to be worshiped an image that represents the self not just
one face of a bearded guy on a cross no we need to kill that that's
what religion needs to be that's what I'll
say about are you talking about cult or you what are you talking about yeah
bring back local Cults again mystery religions do it yeah people will actually have something to believe in
again instead of a Dogma instead of Dogma right remember remember that term that they had at the or Oracle of dely
what was that what was that phrase that was on the wall at the Oracle of Deli n South Town right or was that yeah no
that was on the apulo the temple Apollo yeah the Oracle right yeah love
it oh God BR back image bring back the image of the the Virgin Warrior
manur yeah those are the things that made people want to live yeah right the yeah the reality the
reality there's a Zeal now what do you say though what do you say though Neil hang on what do you say cuz people are
saying in the comments and stuff and I hope people in the chat we can talk about this too um but people are saying
there's you know demon possession and things are you know people are talking
about pray for Dan and you know that group is assembling what do you think
about that wait what say pray for Dan yeah pray for Dan you haven't seen comments say for Dan I wasn't looking at
the comments but no there's yeah no oh I'm sorry no pray for
Danny pray for Danny right pray for Danny Jones because he's interacting
with demonic forces of the devil oh my God it's so Danny my interview with
Danny's coming out next week so by the way by the way for the for the 561 people who are watching who are new
are lot of them are new because it it jumped up about 300 since the last since before the Danny interview which by the
way congrats on you because and for for really doing good in that interview anyways Danny talked for the first we
talked for three and a half hours the first whole hour was just about what you said it was me responding
to to your interview without even seeing it just kind of feeling out what Danny was telling me that you were talking
about so it is kind of a part two in a way it is kind of a part two to yours
good good good I mean it sounds like it'll be a nice Bridge um uh that's
that's gorgeous and I'm you know what that is look what's going on man that's collegial uh advancement in science baby
that's what you're doing you're talking about text you're talking about looking at text and how to translate oh speak speaking of text one more text before we
go one more text before we go I got on the bottom remember remember we were talking about the idea of the the whole
the mark 14 theory that you that or the mark 14 reading as you would call it
actually has some evidence behind it the PGM is a contemporary text with the gospels and it tells you to not to to to
Helios wrap a naked in linen a seone
right from head to toe clap your hands ringing your noise and it says says
Adonai El yah Bo what is the words that Jesus says on the cross elah
elaton so there is an argument there's a solid slam good argument I think to be
made that this could be some sort of this could be some sort of magical text going on I'm just
saying I just open up a whole new Canon War right there no no you know Neil I've
got a whole book of Christian early Christian magic somewhere and um those
texts I think lot of them are Coptic um but yeah no seeing the use of the magic there are a lot of naked boys that
you're going to find running around in um a lot of weird [__] like that in the PG magical text I found 20 like that
there's like 20 of them like that I'm so glad that you brought me
those naked boys tonight I appreciate it anyone anyone know where I can see a copy of the performance of media they
got him excommunicated now technically who is that Milo um Milo uh let me tell
you this um I wasn't excommunicated because in order to be excommunicated
you got to be communicated and I was not communicated
so they couldn't excommunicate me um they could just fire me and um that's
what happened um by the way that performance of media oh is absolutely
delicious to have a I I just want I'm glad you brought it up because I just want to say this imagine just imagine
this for minut a chorus of Catholic college
girls dressed in leather with
dildos pointed at priests who had been accused of being
pedophiles oh my God that was the sexiest um deont told me no no I want to
tell people what the effect of that was historically I want this down somebody write this down um the effect of those
performances right so we're giving these performances uh during the school year
right and uh for the theater department and it's a big project and it's just
gloriously done very professionally handled outstanding work right all
around um costumes are oh God they're gorgeous and um so in the midst of all
of this in the midst of all of this there's a there's a chemistry that's
going on between the stage and and the audience that's perceiving the play and
that chemistry could be felt in the Seminary the Seminary
servers skyrocketed with porn with
porn the furies those Catholic girls brought out
Fury and all the Serv r porn
warnings right because they monitor all that stuff right when was this this is
when I was at St Mary's and I um one of my students was the mon senior who was
in charge College though right yeah uh St Mary's University right um in
Minnesota and uh uh the person that was one of my students was also the mon
senior who was involved and um you know overseeing when bad things happened you
know and making them right or at least you know making sure the train got going
somewhere to weville right he was a former Navy guy you know I absolutely loved him I absolutely loved him to
death um great guy and you know what he would have um he would have been if he
didn't become a vicer general he would have ultimately um in another life he
would have been in the museum and he would be standing next to next to
the poets Neil you know what I mean um so any who um that was totally unrelated
but I want people to enjoy all the demon possession stuff all of these these
emails are fantastic the people look I'm a real priest and this guy's really possessed or look I'm a shaman I like
the Iowa Scaro who wrote like this guy is totally possessed
right so um yeah uh we're gonna we're gonna get the
Greek Plato said being possessed is the highest form of of a state you can be in
that bakic Mania baby yeah exactly exactly it's gonna be it you know the
other day um NE Holy Spirit when when you see by the way this just blows my
mind when and and you know who wrote a lot about this was KL keni uh an early religion scholar of the from the 1900s
to 1940s I think somewhere in between there early early to Middle first half of the 20th century let's just say that
and he he was friends with kyl young they they co-wrote books together actually I have it right here this guy this book right here is co-written by
Carl Young and KL Ken essays on a science of Mythology and they talk about
look when you when you see these snake handling Christians speaking in tongues and going shaken because they have the
Holy Spirit that's bakic Mania they're adopting that from the Greeks this is an Ancient Ancient idea from the mystery
religions that's being passed down all the way until today totally totally totally and you know the PE um the
Christian Community is going to have to face this more and more as the knowledge
spreads they're going to see their own Origins and they're not going to like what they see and the naked boy the
naked boy is just that cherry on the top of the cupcake of Doom so let me finish
with that and tell people uh chewy wanted me to let you know that um we've
got things they're going to start getting rolling with am and you a place
where people can come and can learn and can be enlisting in uh basically taking
uh taking a lot of ancient Greek uh dope
and growing your brain um in a in a Warrior's Way this is uh
and and let me tell you something um I I have so many students so many
students who entered into the same initiation I did the ancient Greek gets
into your brain and it starts changing it and it gives you Vision it gives you
Vision in a way that um you can't do with the Anglo-Saxon I don't know some
not all of us are not all of us are created equal in the world of of
language oh life's rough it's survival of the fittest and gre gre made it to
the top and then squashed everybody else around her just oh god Athena you're so
sexy right by the way I remember Carl Sean yeah rest in peace Carl Sean he's
the one who stuck his neck out great scientists of our time he stuck his neck
out and said the Dark Ages was a real legitimate term and I'm standing by it
and he got in trouble for that I even heard a scholar say he did damage for saying that on his show on his show look
it up it's on YouTube the episode one of Cosmos from a show from the 1990s or 1980s or something old show it's called
Cosmos and he opens up the show brilliantly talking about uh uh ostanes
and Plato and Aristotle and and Archimedes and uh uh all these amazing
writers from these from these time from mathematicians and scientists figuring out the movements of the stars and all
this [__] and the death of hpaa and the alexandrian library and then he uses the term dark ases that follows it and they
were like he did damage for saying that that was mean you shouldn't have said
that that's not that's not a legitimate term to use anymore nope I agree with Carl
Sean I got I got Carl Sean's back and I I'm gonna stick with it look at look at
what what have you become you have become some kind of Renaissance uh I'm expecting you to ride
out soon with like armor or something I'm going be like oh god um seriously
seriously I am so impressed um and I'm a little bit set back let's end on this
I'm a little bit humbled tonight because Neil I gotta confess to you I don't do the I don't do some of those sources
like you're doing like Maia Valley I was like oh [__] you know right so hey yo
this course is you know what this is on Livy it's amazing okay you know Prince everyone
talks about the prince boring his discour is on Livy that's a that's an amazing text I will do I will do and
look people what's look people what's happening look what's happening this is a dojo this is a place this is a
Renaissance dojo and that's what I really really wanted with Lady Babylon
everybody who's new thank you for coming you're all sexy join the Satan
congregation hail Satan hail Satan Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle shell magic
even stronger than the drugs to sell are the songs the magic
fleece Darkness through dreams an animal skin with the song of
the queen written there with Magic ink guarded by a dragon in the grave
of Mars on the east side of the Black Sea Dragon Venom from the god with
horns I am being ionic watch the image
Jude letters in Greek cornicopia oroborus Cleo media and bakus
the dragon Venom will knock them back phase
interferometry Trace is floating Crazy Eyes drinking purple meat
and whiskey with Lady media straight out of
Babylon Venus with a penis goat horns of [Music]
Alexander hit you with the man the Bro set on the DMT way up the Elemento peace slang what
words really mean Dragon Venom of dark his dreams
[Music]